[Music]
I only wanted to have fun learning to
fly learning to run I let my heart
decide the
way when I was
young deep
down
get in with the business I'm going be
there in a minute I just book The Paris
ticket think need a visit I'm Run It to
the Limit I'm ven got the
people
[Music]
Brook
real took your
s down
understand Miami
Jama every city every state every
country you know all around the globe
every city every state every country you
know this is how it
go tell them where I'm at from the plaqu
to the uhuh everything F I'm on a track
my girls out stack when I roll down the
window let me know where you at L north
south KAC Texas Grill Cadillacs through
Miami then back to London Jamaica then
France the whole damn world to to F tell
them
down
weow down what you represent when we
come to your down getting with the
business when I come from Kansas City H
Mana Christmas out to India I visit
Puerto Rico is bring my people back to
[Music]
ven